The platform that should be developed has two types of users: workers (the crowd) and clients seeking
different types of services. 

To use the platform, the user should be registered and has to login.
Workers have to edit their own profiles. 


A profile includes, but not limited to, name, address, expertise areas (i.e.,
tasks he can perform), level of expertise in each area, charged fee for each task, availability with regard to
each task, amount of money earned. Two important aspects characterizing each worker are his credibility
and experience with regard to each task he can perform (credibility is a metric between 0 and 1). 

At the beginning, a new worker has a medium credibility (0.5). This credibility is updated after performing each
task based on the rate (score) he should receive from the client. This rate reflects the appreciation of the
client for the quality of the performed task by the worker. For a worker with history, the credibility is
computed as the average of obtained rates excluding the initial score of 0.5 given by the system. The
experience is simply based on the number of performed tasks.
2
To ask for a task, the user should login.

Each user has a profile including, among other things, information regarding the payment using for instance a pre-registered credit card or PayPal account, or
any other payment method. To ask for a particular task, the user should specify the task, the location if
needed, the time limit to perform the task, the budget, the maximum number of workers. 

The system has to find the potential workers to perform the task asked by the user based on: budget, credibility,
experience, availability, and location if needed. The system has to make recommendations to the user, and
the user has to choose among the recommended workers. A selected worker by the user has to be notified
by the system and he can accept or refuse the task. After performing the task, the user has to provide his
appreciation for each worker. The user cannot ask for another task if the appreciations have not been
recorded